README.adoc, before:

= Programming Exercises


== About These Programming Exercises

Programming exercises, ranging from algorithms to small projects that require
a specific set of skills and knowledge.

The goal is to implement the exercises in any conceivable language that
one may be interested in (this includes Bash, Sed, Awk, C, Scheme, Perl, etc).

Of course, some exercises will not make much sense in some languages and
therefore not all exercises are to be implemented in all languages. It is up to
the person doing the exercises to decide about that.

== Exercises Instructions

Each exercise is described into a directory named in a way that tries to
resemble what the exercises is about. Some are easier and short, but some
would require a long directory name, and therefore should be shortened
somehow. Examples are `palindrome`, `recurs-sum` or `rev-str`.


== Compiled Files

Never commit compiled files. The `.gitignore` file contains some ignored
directories where compiled files for some languages can be put into as
to avoid accidental committing of such files.

Commit message:

Add note about validating input data.

README.adoc, after:

= Programming Exercises


== About These Programming Exercises

Programming exercises, ranging from algorithms to small projects that require
a specific set of skills and knowledge.

The goal is to implement the exercises in any conceivable language that
one may be interested in (this includes Bash, Sed, Awk, C, Scheme, Perl, etc).

Of course, some exercises will not make much sense in some languages and
therefore not all exercises are to be implemented in all languages. It is up to
the person doing the exercises to decide about that.

== Exercises Instructions

Each exercise is described into a directory named in a way that tries to
resemble what the exercises is about. Some are easier and short, but some
would require a long directory name, and therefore should be shortened
somehow. Examples are `palindrome`, `recurs-sum` or `rev-str`.

When exercises require input data, it is up to the programmer to decide if
input data should be validated or not. A sum function may expect N numbers.
You may check if they are really numbers or not. That is up to the programmer.
The programmer may also opt for writing a version that checks input, and another
that does not and mainly focus on the logic required to perform the computation.


== Compiled Files

Never commit compiled files. The `.gitignore` file contains some ignored
directories where compiled files for some languages can be put into as
to avoid accidental committing of such files.
